let me walk you through our thought
process back in Paris in December we hit
56 thousand followers on Instagram and
even though that's not a ton we complete
a felt like you made it we see Instagram
influencers get free stuff from
companies all the time so we thought
let's test how far we can take this so
we spent the next two days emailing
hotels restaurants and other businesses
asking them for free services in
exchange for a shout-out but at first
they didn't really work out as well as
we had hoped
calling these angry French businessman
is not exactly what I like to do on the
daily we moral judgment and mature about
intention de youtube de 7 yes dear it's
improving our partnership I've agonized
off this family gladly on the shampoo
infamous also the FASTA
shown after dozens of emails sent we
only got one response the indoor
skydiving company called I fly Paris who
said he like what you do would love to
host four of you for a free session now
wouldn't be yes theory if we didn't
bring a stranger or someone that we
think deserves it with us so Ammar
decided to go out on a tricky mission
convincing Parisians do tender and in
real life to go indoor skydiving on the
spot
[Music]
hahahaha until they're trying to find
someone to go indoor skydiving review
tomorrow really yeah what if you come
indoor skydiving with us tomorrow
I can't I'm working you can't be in my
life after swiping probably close to a
thousand girls I got two matches one of
them didn't respond but the other dead
she said she's down and she said she
loves the idea so I'm on my way right
now to meet her the center of Paris and
he goes through alright as I exit the
train I got a message saying that she
had that emergency it she won't be able
to come so you have to be at the
skydiving place in an hour and twenty
minutes and basically right now I have
no one so I guess I'm gonna have to do
under in real life I have to go up to
people and manage to magically get
someone to say yes in the next 15
minutes because otherwise I'm pretty
screwed have you ever been indoor
skydiving do you want to go indoor skies
French girls are so intimidated have you
ever been indoor skydiving okay so I
have for 350 I have four free ticket
who's my goal is to find four different
strangers to bring on this
I'm sorry no it's all good I tried like
two times off-camera but it's still the
same reaction so why doesn't my tinder
have to be so weak you know what my plan
B actually involves people who really
really do deserve the fun that they're
about to have so we're gonna go up and
make plan B happen
all right where are they coming here
these guys gave you the best night in
Paris so we leveraged our Instagram
audience to get free stuff the indoor
skydiving place was the only place that
said yes let's go now that's a girl
bailed on me I'll actually get just to
do the indoor skydiving with these guys
and thank you for the first time well it
didn't work up in there but I got
volleyball let's do it have you ever
been outdoor indoor skydiving no that's
something I really wanted to do though
to get out of like my comfort zone
because it's something that kind of
scares you I think French people are the
fastest people say no girls like you
want to go indoor skydiving she's like
no do you want to go indoor skydiving we
should like to get a drink not we're
gonna go indoor skydiving he's got a
point
everybody no no way to your stuff I wait
here I'm gonna take a drink well shut up
lake day and thing like this and they
never go to the gym I'm this kind of guy
clearly Paul had the subscription ticket
for the gym for about a year and a half
four years
and look at this Mac Cooper oh I cannot
wait this to you up there I'm just going
to do like something like all right kids
listen after this guy because we don't
want any of you dying to know
[Music]
I was born ready
of course now do you want to go
skydiving yeah for sure we want to
continue doing this in all the different
countries that we go to and we want to
always use what we get for free to pay
it forward and do something kind for a
stranger or for a friend so if you like
this idea and you want to continue
supporting so false and Instagram is the
more followers against the bigger of
adventures and things we can get for
free and the more we can share we
interact with our audience on a regular
basis on Instagram it's sort of our main
platform to engage I love when people do
that it's not my name at all hey MMA our
this is the French way to say it come on
let's see Thank You Man it always blows
my mind how just like I yes has the
potential to just create so much no just
almost stops it there we said no at
first and nothing of this would happen
yeah these guys wouldn't be I fly in
those times all right let's see next
[Music]
[Applause]